dnf5 add page (#12626)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/dnf5.md

# dnf5

> > Package management utility for RHEL, Fedora, and CentOS (it replaces dnf, which in turn replaced yum).

Author: Since Linux is case sensitive "dnf" is not the same as "DNF" nor is "YUM" the same as "yum".

> > Package management utility for RHEL, Fedora, and CentOS (it replaces dnf, which in turn replaced yum).

Reviewer: > Since Linux is case sensitive "dnf" is not the same as "DNF" nor is "YUM" the same as "yum".

Just now went through the other pages using the terms, seems like you are right we seem to use the case-sensitive `dnf` and `yum`. I will mark this conversation as resolved.

> > DNF5 is a complete rewrite of the DNF package manager, written in C++ for improved performance and a smaller size.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> DNF5 is a C++ rewrite of the DNF package manager featuring improved performance and a smaller size.
```

This is a bit more concise.

> For equivalent commands in other package managers, see <https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Pacman/Rosetta>.

> > More information: <https://dnf5.readthedocs.io/>.
> - Upgrade installed packages to the newest available versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://dnf5.readthedocs.io/>.

- Upgrade installed packages to the newest available versions:
```

`sudo dnf5 upgrade`

- Search packages via keywords:

`dnf5 search {{keyword1 keyword2 ...}}`

- Display details about a package:

`dnf5 info {{package}}`

> - Install a new package (use `-y` to confirm all prompts automatically):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install a new package (Note: use `-y` to confirm all prompts automatically):
```

Reviewer 2: This is actually identical to the existing `dnf` page. Is this stylistic choice codified?

Reviewer: > This is actually identical to the existing `dnf` page. Is this stylistic choice codified?

It isn't documented yet in the style guide (i.e. on which cases we should add a Note), but we have a check for its capitalization and styling in tldr-lint.

`sudo dnf5 install {{package1 package2 ...}}`

- Remove a package:

`sudo dnf5 remove {{package1 package2 ...}}`

- List installed packages:

`dnf5 list --installed`

- Find which packages provide a given command:

`dnf5 provides {{command}}`

- Remove or expire cached data:

> `sudo dnf clean all`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`sudo dnf5 clean all`
```

Oops?
